today we are going to be making some
gluten-free frosted sugar cookies all
right so you're just going to need a
couple ingredients you are going to need
a half a cup of softened butter you will
need 1 teaspoon of vanilla 1 egg you are
going to need some sugar um this is
going to be for the cookie as well as at
the end for the icing a nice photo bolt
with a little bit of sugar and then just
dyed it with some food flurry I thought
blue sugar be pretty then I have some
rich and creamy vanilla frosting and
then my cake mix and I am using a Betty
Crocker yellow gluten-free cake mix but
you can use whatever cake mix you want
if you're not gluten for you can use
just a regular cake this will work just
fine so this is everything you need you
are going to want to pre-heat your oven
to 350 degrees and let's get out our
bowl and we are just going to mix
everything together all right so i put
my sugar in my icing aside we don't need
that until the end and i'm just going to
dump my cake mix into the bowl and we
don't need a mixer for this either you
just mix it all up with a spoon so off
the cake mix in there next we can add in
our softened butter our egg and our
vanilla and i'm just going to mix
everything up together and till it looks
like it is all combined alright so this
is what my day looks like after i finish
turn it all together now i will see if
this is your first time at making these
type of cookies be bored the dough is
very very crumbly when you first start
together that is fine it's supposed to
be like that use your hands or use your
spoon whatever and push it all together
to form a ball in it will end up forming
like nice like make sure you can see
it's definitely a crumbly dough but it
holds together really nicely once you
bake so now time to form these into
balls and place them on a baking sheet
right once you have all of your cookie
dough balls on a sheet we are going to
take a glass the bottom of the glass we
are
going to dip into our little bowl of
sugar and then press down on each one of
the cookie dough balls all right I put
my glass down on each run the cookies
just to flatten them slightly and it
leaves the sugar on them so you know
they are sugar cookies we are now going
to toss them into a 350 degree preheated
oven for about 9 to 11 minutes all right
so I took my cookies out of the oven
after 11 minutes this is what they look
like we are going to let them sit on the
pan and cool down for an additional two
minutes before we remove them all right
so after two minutes of cooling on the
baking sheet I remove them and place
them on a plate where I'm going to let
them continue to cool and once they are
completely cold we can start to ice them
once your cookies are cold it is time to
ice them so what I am using is just
Betty Crocker rich and creamy vanilla
frosting and I have it in my bowl here
and i just dyed it with a little bit of
food coloring I use my blue just because
I think that's pretty you could totally
leave a white that's clefto you also i
am using some of the sugar that we
dipped our glass in earlier ashes
playing granulated sugar with a little
bit of blue food coloring to make it you
know colored so let's grab our cookies
and start icing them alright and there
you have it frosted sugar cookies but a
little bit of sprinkled sugar on top
made completely from a cake mix if you
guys liked this recipe be sure to thumbs
it up so I know that you want more
recipes like this and I will see you
guys next time